we all get bored of our old clothes and
our impulse is to throw them out and buy
new ones it's incredibly expensive and
wasteful and I guess what I want to know
is if there's a way to refresh our
wardrobe without damaging the
environment so I've just seen this
advert for a clothes swap and I've
literally got some clothes that are
being used I don't know what stirred
them so I'm gonna take them with me and
I'm gonna check out this close-up I'm
graves and I love fashion I'm finding
out about sustainable fashion and how I
can be a more responsible shopper
today is the close-up and I'm just
heading into London now I've got my bag
of clothing to take with me I've no idea
how much or how little to brain so
hopefully this is okay I'm meeting his
stylist there who's going to help me
find some cool clothing and hopefully I
can talk to the organizers other people
that are actually attending because I
want to know what's good about a clothes
swap all what's bad I enjoyed it I'm
looking forward to it all right let's go
what is swishing swishing is an
alternative to shopping basically too
fast fashion is you go through your
wardrobe you see what you don't work no
more and you take it here and we give
your tokens in exchange for your
clothing you then look at something you
like and they using those tokens why
should people swap their clothes because
it's got a lot less impact on the
environment and fast fashion with plus
fashion is the second most polluting
industry as you well know and so this is
the great alternative is great for the
moment and is sustainable for your
wallet as well stylist Rona Zuma is
helping me find a new outfit
these are quite cute they're nice would
you recommend clothes swapping events to
other people yes definitely also just
cause it's quite a nice day out like
with your friends to come and have a
look around and see what you can find
oh yeah I've only been here for about
like 10 minutes but there's a lot of
certain good stuff on our first
specially if you're kind of broke this
looks like it's meant that oversize oh
yeah they're cute do you find lots of
good stuff when you go to a close swap
yes almost everytime actually most of my
favourite clothes are from clothes swaps
but also everything I'm wearing is is
from everything I have on clothes well
that actually is right up my street
that's costly it's a good sign if I'm
throwing away things someone else might
love it if you give it to charged shops
they don't always get put out on the top
floor do you reckon that this will
become more popular in time I think so I
think it's word of mouth like I think
the more people know about it and
there's a lot of people who are
conscious these days if you get the word
out it's not just a crappy seconds it's
not like things you don't want it's a
nice thing so sorry yeah
so the first item of clothing on and I
absolutely love it thank you so much
it's really cute on you and I love how
it fits underneath your dungarees I
think so I could wear this late in the
summer and the winters are so it's
perfect that these sort of things you
can find brands you've never heard of
before like I don't know actually heard
of that brand
no but suits you perfectly and it's your
keeper so I just got home from the
close-up and I really enjoyed it
I love the community-based side of it I
love the fact that people go with their
friends that was really nice the only
problem I did have with they're not my
dogs they're the only problem I did have
with it is that I felt like I would have
to go to a lot of them to find something
that I honestly really loved clothing
wise I have quite a specific style and a
specific size as well so I have an idea
bear with me I thought maybe it might be
good to do it my friends or a family
member like my sister because my sister
and I have kind of the same style
practically all the same size and also
it would just be good to have a chat
about fashion with power as well are you
ready for our close-up Amelia I am I'm
very curious and excited especially as
I'm trying to do a clear-out and it's a
way of getting my instantly part of a
new wardrobe yeah great you're not
paying for it
and you're not ruining the environment
this is oh I like this this one or you
know I like that I know you like that
jumper see this is what I like about it
cuz I know I won't be able to get this
in the shop yeah exactly I mean I've
seen some designer pizzas really yeah
and unfortunately they weren't my size
but you could to get them and then take
them to someone to tailor their more
adjust them for you well especially if
you're not buying it
yeah you wouldn't mind paying to get it
tailored yeah exactly is this now like
the solution for like fast fashion I
don't know if it's a solution to fast
fashion but it's definitely an
alternative because you would throw
those clothes away but instead you can
come to the swap and you can get a load
back and you don't need to feel too
guilty about it and you're not spending
money and if they don't fit you or you
don't love them you know stale
again and swap them in overtime once you
go to an event you really realize that
actually might find item a payment you
really love it's quite special isn't it
is that I don't know it's a bit more
special than Bo from the shop yeah and
it's definitely saying that I think
everybody should try